# Minutes for meeting 1 (09/02/2023)
Time: 10:15 <br>
Location: 1 west

<details><summary>Attendance</summary><p>
  
  - Alexander Agafonov	
  - Thomas Canning	
  - Artiom	Casian	
  - ~Arthur	Chen~
  - ~Alex	Clarke~	
  - Harry	Crane

</p></details>

<details><summary>Topics for discussion</summary><p>
  
  - Agreement on language, tools, and IDE
      Java, Intellij, 
  - Explanation of GitHub
  Branches, how its set out
  - Begining of discussion for requirements for software
  Will discuss after going through references
  - Discussion of timescale for 1st sprint
  - What software we will do report in (latex, word etc)
  - Discussion about peoples strengths and preferences
  - Discussion about expectation and who will do what, and allocating work to do before next meeting
  - Discussion about code conventions
  - Decide on time and date for next meeting
  
</p></details>

